[BUILDING] Contribution Game v1.1.11 (#693)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/building-wasabi/ContributionGame.md

In order to find a beautiful design for Wasabi t-shirts, hoodies and stickers, there was a [contribution game for artists](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/Meta/issues/76).
The subject was about privacy in general, Bitcoin and Wasabi specifically.
There was a total bounty of up to 0.1 bitcoin.

## Contribution game to review v1.1.11

> After more than three months of work since the previous major release of v1.1.10, there was yet another contribution game to review the [v1.1.11 release candidates](https://github.com/molnard/WalletWasabi/releases/tag/v1.1.11rc1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After more than three months of work since the previous major release of v1.1.10, there was yet another contribution game to review the [v1.1.11 release candidate](https://github.com/molnard/WalletWasabi/releases/tag/v1.1.11rc1).
```

Author: NACK, there will be an RC 2 in a couple hours already.

Reviewer: As of now there is only one release candidate.
So we should hold this PR IMO.

> After more than three months of work since the previous major release of v1.1.10, there was yet another contribution game to review the [v1.1.11 release candidates](https://github.com/molnard/WalletWasabi/releases/tag/v1.1.11rc1).

Author: ```suggestion
After more than three months of work since the previous major release of v1.1.10, there was yet another contribution game to review the [v1.1.11 release candidate](https://github.com/molnard/WalletWasabi/releases/tag/v1.1.11rc2).
```

To be committed [and then PR merged] as soon as David releases.

Reviewer: @MaxHillebrand What happened here, did David release?

> There were [detialed ŧest vectors](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues/3396) to ensure that all the new additions were thoroughly covered in the review.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There were [detailed test vectors](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues/3396) to ensure that all the new additions were thoroughly covered in the review.
```

> There were [detialed ŧest vectors](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues/3396) to ensure that all the new additions were thoroughly covered in the review.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There were [detailed test vectors](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues/3396) to ensure that all the new additions were thoroughly covered in the review.
```
